Suppose the edges mentioned in the permutation symbol are 0, 1, ..., m-1.

Constraints on the permutation symbol
1. There cannot be both a half arm and a half band
2. There can be at most 2 half arms and 1 half band
3. If there is a half arm or a half band, the local symmetry must be *.
4. Half arms must be 0 and/or m-1.
5. Half band must join 0 and m-1.

We assume below that if there is a single half arm, it is 0.

Edge lines

Each integer i has an upper and a lower edge line, except:
- if there is a half band, or a half arm at 0, there is an upper edge only at 0.
- if there is a half band, or a half arm at m-1, there is a lower edge only at m-1.

Edge lines consist of the upper and lower edge lines defined above, plus:
- if there is a single half-arm at 0, then there is only an upper boundary edgeline.
- if there is no half-arm or half band, but the local symmetry is *, then there is an lower and an upper boundary
  edgeline.

For a given edgeline, the *connected edgeline* is defined as follows according to the type of edge i:
- boundary edgelines: undefined.
- rotary arm (i): i upper <-> i lower.
- untwisted band (ij): i upper <-> j lower, j upper <-> i lower.
- twisted band [ij]: i upper <-> j upper, i lower <-> j lower.
- half band <ij>: 0 upper <-> m-1 lower.
- folded band or half arm, undefined.

For a given edgeline, the *adjacent edgeline* is defined as follows:
- lower boundary edgeline <-> 0 lower (which must exist if the lower boundary edgeline exists)
- upper boundary edgeline <-> m-1 upper (which must exist if the upper boundary edgeline exists)
- else:
     i upper <-> i+1 lower, taken mod n, EXCEPT if there is a boundary edgeline in which case use the above rules
     for 0 lower and m-1 upper.

If edge i is a half arm or a folded band, we say that the upper and lower edge line of edge i (if they exist)
  *meet the boundary*.  We also say that the boundary edgelines, if any, meet the boundary.

Given an edgeline that meets the boundary, the *touching boundary edgeline* is defined as follows:
- if edge i is a folded band, then i upper <-> i lower.
- if there are no half arms, then upper boundary line <-> lower boundary line.
- if there is only one half arm, then upper boundary line <-> 0 upper.
- if there are two half arms, then m-1 lower <-> 0 upper.

Determining the orbifold faces

An orbifold face will be expressed as a sequence of edgelines.

The fundamental iteration:
  Let e be the last edgeline in the orbifold face.
  Let e' be the connected edgeline of e.  If there is no connected edgeline, or e' is already in the face, then stop;
     otherwise, append e' to the orbifold face.
  Let e'' be the adjacent edgeline to e'.  If there is no adjacent edgeline, then stop, else append e'' to the orbifold face.
  
If there are any edgelines which meet the boundary, then find the boundary components as follows:
  1. Start a new orbifold face with an unused edgeline e which meets the boundary.
  2. Append the adjacent edgeline of e.  
  3. Repeat the fundamental iteration until it stops at some edge e'.  Append this sequence of edgelines as a face
     to the current boundary component.
  4. Let e'' be the touching boundary edgeline e'.  If e'' is already in a face, then this boundary component is
     complete.  Otherwise repeat steps 2-3 starting with e'', for the next face in the same boundary component.
  5. Repeat steps 1-4 for the next boundary component, until there are no more unused edgelines that meet the boundary.

If there is a half-band, then append an empty boundary component.  The half-band is a boundary component that
 meets no face.

Find the interior faces as follows:
  1. Start a new orbifold face with an arbitrary edgeline not meeting the boundary.
  2. Repeat the fundamental iteration until it stops.  This completes the face.
  3. Repeat steps 1-2 until all edgelines are used.

Parameters for orbifold faces
  If an orbifold face has an edgeline which meets the boundary, then its parameter b is a reflection *b on that boundary line.
  Otherwise, its parameter b is a gyration b within the face.

Overall vertex parameter
  There is an overall gyration n or reflection *n assigned to the vertex, according to the local symmetry in the
  permutation symbol.

Determining the face code:
  First, we construct a map of "adjacent edgeline pairs" to number of sides, as follows.
    Given an adjacent edgeline pair, find the unique orbifold face that contains this adjacent edgeline pair.  (Include the
      wraparound from last to first, if the orbifold face did not terminate on the boundary.)
    The number of sides is equal to the half the number of non-boundary edgelines (which can only occur at the ends of the face),
      multiplied by the parameter 2b for a boundary face, or multiplied by b for a non-boundary face.
  Next, arrange the adjacent edgeline pairs "in order" and list the corresponding number of sides to obtain a vector F.
  Then make the following adjustments:
  - If there is a half band or two half-arms, then append to F, the vector reverse(F).
  - If there are boundary edgelines, then append to F the reverse of all elements of F corresponding to non-boundary edgelines.
  Then concatenate F to itself n times (the overall vertex parameter).

Determining the gyrational components of the Conway signature:
  There is 2 for each rotary arm.
  There is a parameter for each non-boundary face.
  If the local symmetry is rotational, then append the overall vertex parameter n.

Determining the reflection components of the Conway signature:
  For each boundary component, write down (in order) all the reflection parameters on the boundary.
  If 0 is a half-arm, prepend a 2 to the parameter for that edge.
  If m-1 is a half-arm, append a 2 to the parameter for the edge.
  If the local symmetry is dihedral, append the overall vertex parameter n to the boundary component containing
     the upper boundary line.  If there is a half-band, this will be the empty boundary component.

Determining the handles and twist components of the Conway signature:
  (Note: xxx = ox)